<h1>Milwaukie Dentistry Demo Site</h1>

<p>I am building this demo site from scratch (no CMS) and currently the homepage is complete. Check out the <a href="http://milwaukiedentistry.x10host.com/">demo</a>, which I have uploaded to a free web server instead of using the spotty GitHub previewer. This is a mobile-first, responsive site built using CSS grids. When viewed on small screens (<35em or 768px if viewed at 16px), the grid is set up with only one fraction, with every section taking up 100% of the width. When viewed on medium screens and larger (>=768px), the grid changes to have two fractions. The "welcome" and "team" sections are then displayed side by side, each taking up one fraction, of 50% of the page. The "deals" section switches from a layered vertical image to a horizontal side-by-side image. The "reviews" section changes to display side-by-side as well. The images in the "services" section change from being one image one a line to two. And finally, the "office info" and "map" sections are also changed so that they are displayed side-by-side. When viewed on screen sizes larger than 1023px, the mobile nav disappears in favor of an inline nav with standard drop-down menues.</p>

<p>This demo site uses three <a href="https://kenwheeler.github.io/slick/">Slick Sliders</a> by Ken Wheeler in it. The first one is the "Meet Our Team" slider, the second is the "Read Our Patient Reviews" slider that is set to auto slide and fade out between slides. The last slider is the "Our Awards" images, which is set up to display two slides at once instead of just one. I found out while building this site that using Slick Sliders comes with its own bag of problems, such as the sliders not being able to recalcuate container sizes when the page size changes unless you use vw and vh. For some reason it seems to hate percentages. This caused me hours of frustration and set backs, particulary when working with the navigation going from mobile to large screens. In the end, I did solve the problems it was causing to get the grid system and the nav to work properly with the Slick Sliders. </p>

<p>The mobile navigation is a nav based on Stephanie Walter's <a href="https://codepen.io/stephaniewalter/pen/kficJ">Code Pen</a> that I heavily modified to suit the needs of this website.</p>

<p>It was a struggle for to find a way for the mobile navigation to scroll while also sticking to the top. At first it seemed like I could only have one or the other. The problem was if the navigation stuck to the top and you expanded the nav, when you scrolled it only scrolled the body and the navigation would only come into view when the scrollbar went far enough down the page. This was obviously a bad UX practice and would leave the user confused and flustered about the shotty navigation. It seemed to take forever to find a solution, as I tried several different methods, and finally I figured out how to make it work with a method I had tried before but it failed to work because setting the height of the sub-nav container would not work because of the Slick Slider, and 100vh had to be used instead of 100% for the menu container. An easy enough fix, but not one that was apparent and seems to be specific to using Slick Slider.</p>

<p>I created/modified all of the images used in Photoshop, such as the banner, the team photos, the deals images with the gift cards and the braces advertisement, even parts of the award images, specifically adding the years. I also created the site logo using Inkscape, the open source version of Illustrator, so that it is a vector graphic. The logo is a dogwood flower, which I chose because it is the offical flower of Milwaukie. I optimized all of the images using ImageOptim and JPEGMini Lite.</p>
